README.md, before:

# Activity generator for bored people

This web app uses the [Bored API](https://www.boredapi.com/).  
The user can either select a category, from 9 different categories, to see a random related generated activity or click the the random button to see
an activity from any category.

## Features

- The option to filter the activities shown by category.
- Error input if no category is selected.

## Tech used

It was created using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.

**Language Icons**

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,git&perline=9)](https://skillicons.dev)

**Tools used**

![GitHub](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/cca71357fe98ec5f8cd6ebab9044ad2901f4b64ebda379ac81608ed9f1caa1a0/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f7374617469632f76313f7374796c653d666f722d7468652d6261646765266d6573736167653d47697448756226636f6c6f723d313831373137266c6f676f3d476974487562266c6f676f436f6c6f723d464646464646266c6162656c3d) ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)

## View it live

You can view the project and try it out [here]().

Commit message:

Updated the projects UI and added color theme option

README.md, after:

# Activity generator for bored people

This web app uses the [Bored API](https://www.boredapi.com/).  
The user can either select a category, from 9 different categories, to see a random related generated activity or click the the random button to see
an activity from any category.

## Features

- The option to filter the activities shown by category.
- Error input if no category is selected.

  **UPDATED 25/09/2023**

- Updated the UI and styling.
- Added options to change the color theme using jQuery.

## Tech used

It was created using HTML5, CSS3 jQuery and JavaScript.

**Language Icons**

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,jquery,js,git&perline=9)](https://skillicons.dev)

**Tools used**

![GitHub](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/cca71357fe98ec5f8cd6ebab9044ad2901f4b64ebda379ac81608ed9f1caa1a0/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f7374617469632f76313f7374796c653d666f722d7468652d6261646765266d6573736167653d47697448756226636f6c6f723d313831373137266c6f676f3d476974487562266c6f676f436f6c6f723d464646464646266c6162656c3d) ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)

## View it live

You can view the project and try it out [here]().

## Screenshot of the project

**UPDATED**

![image](https://github.com/Rclarkeweb/are-you-bored/assets/108008511/739aab63-6ce3-41aa-a793-e1bad82205ca)

**OLD**

![image](https://github.com/Rclarkeweb/are-you-bored/assets/108008511/547f3663-f973-4521-a024-0ab6b5e3cb21)
